RHTAP-4928 Add pict file parameter in e2e-pipeline (#764)
redhat-appstudio/rhtap-cli: integration-tests/pict-models/periodic-jobs/README.md

## Pict files for periodic jobs

> Pict files are base on default.pict file (all constrains are copied from it)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pict files are based on default.pict file (all constraints are copied from it)
```
